2023-100-days-of-code.md, before:

# 2023
❗🔁❗ -> needs to be done (obligatory) \
🟩 -> completed that day \
✅ -> completed another day \
⬜ -> N/A or needs to be done (nonobligatory) \
🌸🌸🌸 -> division between monthly gists, weekly gists, and daily stand-downs <br />
✨✨✨ -> division between weeks <br /> 
Divided into : [Monthly Gists](#monthly-gists) [Weekly Gists](#weekly-gists), [Daily Stand-Downs](#daily-stand-downs) <br /> 
Longest streak: 10 days <br /> 
Current streak: 0 days <br /> 
Total days since Feb 02, 2023: 10 days <br /> 
🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸<br /> 

# Monthly Gists:  
## February 
Will be filled in in March 2023 <br />
🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸
# Weekly Gists: 
[🌸 Week 2](#week-2) ;
[🌸 Week 1](#week-1) <br />
| W | M  | T  | W  | T  |  F | S  | S  |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| W2| 5/5 🟩 | 6/6 🟩   | 7/7 🟩   | 8/8 🟩    | 9/9 🟩     | 10/10 🟩     | n/a    |
| W1| n/a| n/a  | n/a  | 1/1 🟩  | 2/2 🟩   | 3/3 🟩   | 4/4 🟩   |


✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
## Week 2
## 05 Mon - 12 Sun
| M  | T  | W  | T  |  F | S  | S  |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 🟩  | 🟩   | 🟩  | 🟩    | 🟩    | 🟩     | n/a    |
### 🟩 Day 10 - Feb 11 - Saturday 🟩
* studied front end (styled-components)
* coded a bit (front end, hasn't pushed to the git yet)

### 🟩 Day 09 - Feb 10 - Friday 🟩
* studied front end (styled-components)
* coded a bit (front end, hasn't pushed to the git yet)

### 🟩 Day 08 - Feb 09 - Thursday 🟩
=> UX Design Google
* Completed Week1 "Get to know user experience design"
=> Python
* Started Week 1

### 🟩 Day 07 - Feb 08 - Wednesday 🟩
* Solved problem with routes in react
* Found projects for portfolio
### 🟩 Day 06 - Feb 07 - Tuesday 🟩
* Completed week 7 in Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)

### 🟩 Day 05 - Feb 06 - Monday 🟩
* Figured out how to publish react on github pages
* Completed week 6 in Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)

✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨

## Week 1
## 01 Thu - 02 Fri - 03 Sat - 04 Sun
| M  | T  | W  | T  |  F | S  | S  |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| n/a  | n/a  | n/a  | 🟩  | 🟩   | 🟩   | 🟩   |

### 🟩 Day 04 - Feb 05 - Sunday 🟩
* Was figuring out how to publish react on github pages

### 🟩 Day 03 - Feb 04 - Saturday 🟩
* Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)
Completed Week 5
### 🟩 Day 02 - Feb 03 - Friday 🟩
Used vscode and term to run code. Found out about reserved words.

* Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)
Completed Week 4
### 🟩 Day 01 - Feb 02 - Thursday 🟩
Started learning Python.
* Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)
Completed week 1, started week 2 & 3 <br />

🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸
# Daily Stand-Downs: 

✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
### Stand Down Week 2
[Week 2](#week-2---daily-gists) <br />
=> [Day 10 - Feb 11 - Saturday](#day-10---feb-11---saturday)
=> [Day 09 - Feb 10 - Friday](#day-09---feb-10---friday) <br />
=> [Day 08 - Feb 09 - Thursday](#day-08---feb-09---thursday) <br />
=> [Day 07 - Feb 08 - Wednesday](#day-07---feb-08---wednesday) <br />
=> [Day 06 - Feb 07 - Tuesday](#day-06---feb-07---tuesday) <br />
=> [Day 05 - Feb 06 - Monday](#day-05---feb-06---monday) <br />

✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
### Stand Down Week 1

[Week 1](#week-1---daily-gists) <br />
=> [Day 04 - Feb 05 - Sunday](#day-04---feb-05---sunday) <br />
=> [Day 03 - Feb 04 - Saturday](#day-03---feb-04---saturday) <br />
=> [Day 02 - Feb 03 - Friday](#day-02---feb-03---friday) <br />
=> [Day 01 - Feb 02 - Thursday](#day-01---feb-02---thursday) <br />

✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
# WEEK 2 - Daily Gists <br />
------------- Day 10 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
### Day 10 - Feb 11 - Saturday
#### FRONT END
* looked at codepen projects
* working on frontend masters (slowly)
------------- Day 09 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
### Day 09 - Feb 10 - Friday
#### FRONT END
* started to code using styled-components
* found out about jquery, bootstrap, sass, tailwind, want to learn them
* started frontend masters (doing slowly, but explain new concepts in code (hasn't pushed to the repo yet))

------------- Day 08 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
### Day 08 - Feb 09 - Thursday

* [Python - Day 08](#python---day-08)
* [UX Design - Day 08](#ux-design---day-08)

#### Python - Day 08
=> Chapter Six: Strings <br />

=> Welcome
* 🟩 Video Welcome - Dr. Chuck
* 🟩 Reading: Welcome to Python Data Structures
* ❗🔁❗ Help Us Learn More About You! - Reading
* 🟩 Course Syllabus - Reading

Materials
* 🟩 Textbook - Reading
* 🟩 Welcome to Python 3 - Reading
* 🟩 Submitting Assignments - Reading

=> Lecture materials
* 🟩 6.1 - Strings
* 🟩 6.2 - Manipulating Strings

=> Review: Chapter 6
* 🟩  Notice for Auditing Learners: Assignment Submission
* 🟩  Chapter 6 Quiz - Grade: --

=> Assignment: Chapter 6
* 🟩  Assignment 6.5 - Grade: --
* 🟩  Worked Exercise: 6.5


=> Bonus: Chapter 6
* ⬜ Bonus: Office Hours New York City
* ⬜ Bonus: Monash Museum of Computing History
* ⬜ Fun: The Textbook Authors Meet @PyCon

=> Additional materials
* ⬜ Audio Versions of All Lectures

#### UX-Design - Day 08
=> Get to know user experience design
* 🟩 The product development life cycle
* 🟩 The product development life cycle
* 🟩 Design for a good user experience
* 🟩 Characteristics of a good user experience
* 🟩 Identify a good user experience
* 🟩 Activity: Identify good user experience
* 🟩 Practice Quiz - 1 question
* 🟩 Activity Exemplar: Identify good user experience
* 🟩 Examine user experiences in your life - Discussion Prompt

------------- Day 08 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
------------- Day 07 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
### Day 07 - Feb 08 - Wednesday
#### React
* Learnt that in index.js to the Route should be added the asterisk
      ```
        <Route path="/*" element={ <App /> }>
      ```

------------- Day 07 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />

------------- Day 06 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
### Day 06 - Feb 07 - Tuesday
#### Python
=> Chapter Five: Loops and Iteration <br />
=> Lecture materials
* 🟩  5.1 - Loops and Iteration
* 🟩  5.2 - Definite Loops
* 🟩  5.3 - Finding the Largest Value
* 🟩  5.4 - Loop Idioms

=> Review: Chapter 5
* 🟩  Chapter 5 - Quiz

=> Chapter 5 Assignment
* 🟩   Worked Exercise: 5.1 (Video)
* 🟩  Assignment 5.2 - graded

=> Wrap-Up
* 🟩  What's Next - Dr.Chuck

=> Bonus: Chapter 5
* ⬜  Interview: Guido van Rossum - The Modern Era of Python
* ⬜  Office Hours: Paris, France
* ⬜  Please Rate this Course on Class-Central
* ⬜ Post-Course Survey
* ⬜ Keep Learning with Michigan Online
------------- Day 06 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
------------- Day 05 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Day 05 - Feb 06 - Monday
#### React
* Figured out how to publish react website on gh-pages
#### Python
=> Chapter Four: Functions <br />

=> Lecture materials
* 🟩 4.1 - Using Functions
* 🟩 4.2 - Building Functions

=> Review: Chapter 4
* 🟩 - Chapter 4 - Quiz - Grade: --

=> Assignment: Chapter 4
* 🟩 Assignment 4.6 - Grade: --

=> Bonus: Chapter 4
* ⬜  Interview: Guido van Rossum: The Early Years of Python
* ⬜ Office Hours: Manila Philippines



------------- Day 05 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
# WEEK 1 - Daily Gists <br />

### Day 04 - Feb 05 - Sunday
#### React
* Was figuring out how to publish react website on gh-pages <br />
------------- Day 04 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
------------- Day 03 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Day 03 - Feb 04 - Saturday
#### Python 

=> Chapter Three: Conditional Code <br />

=> Lecture materials
* 🟩  Conditional Statements
* 🟩  More Conditional Statements

=> Review: Chapter 3
* 🟩  Chapter 3 - Quiz - Grade: --

=> Assignment: Chapter 3
* 🟩  Assignment 3.1 - Grade: --
* 🟩  Worked Exercise: 3.2 (video)
* 🟩  Assignment 3.3 - Grade: --

=> Bonus: Chapter 3
* ⬜ Interview: Massimo Banzi: The Arduino
* ⬜ Office Hours: Seoul Korea

------------- Day 03 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
------------- Day 02 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 


### Day 02 - Feb 03 - Friday
#### Python 
#### Programming for Everybody (Week 2)
* 🟩 Practice Peer-graded Assignment

#### Programming for Everybody (Week 3)
=> Lecture materials
* 🟩  1.4 - Writing Paragraphs of Code

Bonus: Chapter 1
* ⬜ Interview: Daphne Koller - Building Coursera
* ⬜ Face-to-Face Office Hours: Milan, Italy
#### Programming for Everybody (Week 3)

#### Programming for Everybody (Week 4)
=> Chapter Two: Variables and Expressions \

=> Lecture materials 
* 🟩  2.1 - Expressions
* 🟩  2.2 - Expressions Part 2
* 🟩  2.3 - Expressions - Part 3

=> Review: Chapter 2
* 🟩  Chapter 2 - Quiz - Grade: --

=> Assignment: Chapter 2
* 🟩  Assignment 2.2  - Grade: -- 100%
* 🟩  Where is the worked exercise for Assignment 2.2?
* 🟩  Assignment 2.3 - Grade: -- 100%
* 🟩  Worked Exercise: 2.3 - Video

=> Bonus: Chapter 2
* ⬜ Interview: Pooja Sankar - Building Piazza
* ⬜ Video•. Duration: 6 minutes6 min
* ⬜ Office Hours: Mountain View, CA
* ⬜ Video•. Duration: 52 seconds52 sec




------------- Day 02 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
------------- Day 01 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Day 01 - Feb 02 - Thursday
#### Python 
#### Programming for Everybody (Week 1)

=> Chapter One - Why we Program?
🟩 All videos completed
🟩 All readings completed
* 🟩 Welcome
* 🟩 Video: Welcome to Class - Dr. Chuck
* 🟩 Reading: Welcome to The Class
* 🟩 Video: Welcome to Python - Guido van Rossum
* 🟩 Help Us Learn More About You!
* 🟩 Course Syllabus
* 🟩 Welcome to Python 3
* 🟩 Textbook: Python for Everybody: Exploring Data in Python 3
* 🟩 Reading: Submitting Assignments

=> Lecture materials
🟩 Complete
* 🟩 1.1 - Why Program
* 🟩 1.2 - Hardware Overview
* 🟩 1.3 - Python as a Language
* 🟩 Additional Materials

=> Additional Materials
* 🟩 Audio Versions of All Lectures
* 🟩 Fun: The Textbook Authors Meet @PyCon2015
* 🟩 Face to Face Office Hours - Bengaluru, India

#### Programming for Everybody (Week 2)
=> Installing and Using Python
* 🟩 All readings completed

* 🟩 Installing Python - Overview
* 🟩  Important Reading: Using Python in this Class
* 🟩 Notes on Choice of Text Editor
* 🟩  Demonstration: Using the Python Playground
* 🟩 Notice for Auditing Learners: Assignment Submission
* 🟩 Python Code Playground
* 🟩  Recommended: Install Python 
* 🟩 Taking Screen Shots

=> Optional: Python Installation \
⬜ Optional- Installing Python Screen Shots \
✅ Practice Peer-graded Assignment

=> Bonus Materials \
⬜ Bonus: Eben Upton and the RaspBerry Pi

#### Programming for Everybody (Week 3) 
=> Chapter One: Why We Program (continued) \
🟩 All graded assignments completed \

=> Lecture materials \
1.4 - Writing Paragraphs of Code \

=> Review: Chapter 1 
* 🟩 Chapter 1 - Graded - Quiz 10 questions - Grade: 90%

=> Assignment: Chapter 1
* 🟩 Demonstration: Doing the "Hello World" Assignment
* 🟩 Assignment: Write Hello World - Graded - Grade: 100%

=> Bonus: Chapter 1 \
⬜ Interview: Daphne Koller - Building Coursera \
⬜ Face-to-Face Office Hours: Milan, Italy <br />
------------- Day 01 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Day 11 2023-100-days-of-code.md

2023-100-days-of-code.md, after:

# 2023
❗🔁❗ -> needs to be done (obligatory) \
🟩 -> completed that day \
✅ -> completed another day \
⬜ -> N/A or needs to be done (nonobligatory) \
🌸🌸🌸 -> division between monthly gists, weekly gists, and daily stand-downs <br />
✨✨✨ -> division between weeks <br /> 
Divided into : [Monthly Gists](#monthly-gists) [Weekly Gists](#weekly-gists), [Daily Stand-Downs](#daily-stand-downs) <br /> 
Longest streak: 10 days <br /> 
Current streak: 0 days <br /> 
Total days since Feb 02, 2023: 10 days <br /> 
🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸<br /> 

# Monthly Gists:  
## March
Will be filled in in April 2023 <br />
## February 
Didn't code too much, too bad
🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸
# Weekly Gists: 
[🌸 Week 2](#week-2) ;
[🌸 Week 1](#week-1) <br />
| W | M  | T  | W  | T  |  F | S  | S  |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| W2| 5/5 🟩 | 6/6 🟩   | 7/7 🟩   | 8/8 🟩    | 9/9 🟩     | 10/10 🟩     | n/a    |
| W1| n/a| n/a  | n/a  | 1/1 🟩  | 2/2 🟩   | 3/3 🟩   | 4/4 🟩   |

✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
## Week 3 
## MAR 🌸 20 Mon - 26 Sun 🌸
| M  |  T  | W  | T  |  F | S  | S  |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 🟩  | 🟩   | 🟩  | n/a    | n/a    | n/a   
### 🟩 Days 11 - 13 - Mar 20 - Mar 22 - Mon - Wed 🟩
* studied Coursera: <br />
=> Calarts ~ Fundamentals of graphic design ~ from 0% till 23% <br />
=> Google ~ Foundations of UX design, reached 46% <br />
=> Calarts ~ Visual Elements of User Interface Design ~ from 0% till 18% <br />

✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
## Week 2
## FEB 🌸 05 Mon - 12 Sun 🌸
| M  | T  | W  | T  |  F | S  | S  |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 🟩  | 🟩   | 🟩  | 🟩    | 🟩    | 🟩     | n/a    |
### 🟩 Day 10 - Feb 11 - Saturday 🟩
* studied front end (styled-components)
* coded a bit (front end, hasn't pushed to the git yet)

### 🟩 Day 09 - Feb 10 - Friday 🟩
* studied front end (styled-components)
* coded a bit (front end, hasn't pushed to the git yet)

### 🟩 Day 08 - Feb 09 - Thursday 🟩
=> UX Design Google
* Completed Week1 "Get to know user experience design"
=> Python
* Started Week 1

### 🟩 Day 07 - Feb 08 - Wednesday 🟩
* Solved problem with routes in react
* Found projects for portfolio
### 🟩 Day 06 - Feb 07 - Tuesday 🟩
* Completed week 7 in Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)

### 🟩 Day 05 - Feb 06 - Monday 🟩
* Figured out how to publish react on github pages
* Completed week 6 in Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)

✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨

## Week 1 
## FEB 🌸 01 Thu - 02 Fri - 03 Sat - 04 Sun 🌸
| M  | T  | W  | T  |  F | S  | S  |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| n/a  | n/a  | n/a  | 🟩  | 🟩   | 🟩   | 🟩   |

### 🟩 Day 04 - Feb 05 - Sunday 🟩
* Was figuring out how to publish react on github pages

### 🟩 Day 03 - Feb 04 - Saturday 🟩
* Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)
Completed Week 5
### 🟩 Day 02 - Feb 03 - Friday 🟩
Used vscode and term to run code. Found out about reserved words.

* Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)
Completed Week 4
### 🟩 Day 01 - Feb 02 - Thursday 🟩
Started learning Python.
* Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)
Completed week 1, started week 2 & 3 <br />

🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸
# Daily Stand-Downs: 

✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
### Stand Down Week 2
[Week 2](#week-2---daily-gists) <br />
=> [Day 10 - Feb 11 - Saturday](#day-10---feb-11---saturday)
=> [Day 09 - Feb 10 - Friday](#day-09---feb-10---friday) <br />
=> [Day 08 - Feb 09 - Thursday](#day-08---feb-09---thursday) <br />
=> [Day 07 - Feb 08 - Wednesday](#day-07---feb-08---wednesday) <br />
=> [Day 06 - Feb 07 - Tuesday](#day-06---feb-07---tuesday) <br />
=> [Day 05 - Feb 06 - Monday](#day-05---feb-06---monday) <br />

✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
### Stand Down Week 1

[Week 1](#week-1---daily-gists) <br />
=> [Day 04 - Feb 05 - Sunday](#day-04---feb-05---sunday) <br />
=> [Day 03 - Feb 04 - Saturday](#day-03---feb-04---saturday) <br />
=> [Day 02 - Feb 03 - Friday](#day-02---feb-03---friday) <br />
=> [Day 01 - Feb 02 - Thursday](#day-01---feb-02---thursday) <br />

✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
# WEEK 2 - Daily Gists <br />
------------- Day 10 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
### Day 10 - Feb 11 - Saturday
#### FRONT END
* looked at codepen projects
* working on frontend masters (slowly)
------------- Day 09 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
### Day 09 - Feb 10 - Friday
#### FRONT END
* started to code using styled-components
* found out about jquery, bootstrap, sass, tailwind, want to learn them
* started frontend masters (doing slowly, but explain new concepts in code (hasn't pushed to the repo yet))

------------- Day 08 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
### Day 08 - Feb 09 - Thursday

* [Python - Day 08](#python---day-08)
* [UX Design - Day 08](#ux-design---day-08)

#### Python - Day 08
=> Chapter Six: Strings <br />

=> Welcome
* 🟩 Video Welcome - Dr. Chuck
* 🟩 Reading: Welcome to Python Data Structures
* ❗🔁❗ Help Us Learn More About You! - Reading
* 🟩 Course Syllabus - Reading

Materials
* 🟩 Textbook - Reading
* 🟩 Welcome to Python 3 - Reading
* 🟩 Submitting Assignments - Reading

=> Lecture materials
* 🟩 6.1 - Strings
* 🟩 6.2 - Manipulating Strings

=> Review: Chapter 6
* 🟩  Notice for Auditing Learners: Assignment Submission
* 🟩  Chapter 6 Quiz - Grade: --

=> Assignment: Chapter 6
* 🟩  Assignment 6.5 - Grade: --
* 🟩  Worked Exercise: 6.5


=> Bonus: Chapter 6
* ⬜ Bonus: Office Hours New York City
* ⬜ Bonus: Monash Museum of Computing History
* ⬜ Fun: The Textbook Authors Meet @PyCon

=> Additional materials
* ⬜ Audio Versions of All Lectures

#### UX-Design - Day 08
=> Get to know user experience design
* 🟩 The product development life cycle
* 🟩 The product development life cycle
* 🟩 Design for a good user experience
* 🟩 Characteristics of a good user experience
* 🟩 Identify a good user experience
* 🟩 Activity: Identify good user experience
* 🟩 Practice Quiz - 1 question
* 🟩 Activity Exemplar: Identify good user experience
* 🟩 Examine user experiences in your life - Discussion Prompt

------------- Day 08 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
------------- Day 07 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
### Day 07 - Feb 08 - Wednesday
#### React
* Learnt that in index.js to the Route should be added the asterisk
      ```
        <Route path="/*" element={ <App /> }>
      ```

------------- Day 07 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />

------------- Day 06 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
### Day 06 - Feb 07 - Tuesday
#### Python
=> Chapter Five: Loops and Iteration <br />
=> Lecture materials
* 🟩  5.1 - Loops and Iteration
* 🟩  5.2 - Definite Loops
* 🟩  5.3 - Finding the Largest Value
* 🟩  5.4 - Loop Idioms

=> Review: Chapter 5
* 🟩  Chapter 5 - Quiz

=> Chapter 5 Assignment
* 🟩   Worked Exercise: 5.1 (Video)
* 🟩  Assignment 5.2 - graded

=> Wrap-Up
* 🟩  What's Next - Dr.Chuck

=> Bonus: Chapter 5
* ⬜  Interview: Guido van Rossum - The Modern Era of Python
* ⬜  Office Hours: Paris, France
* ⬜  Please Rate this Course on Class-Central
* ⬜ Post-Course Survey
* ⬜ Keep Learning with Michigan Online
------------- Day 06 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
------------- Day 05 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Day 05 - Feb 06 - Monday
#### React
* Figured out how to publish react website on gh-pages
#### Python
=> Chapter Four: Functions <br />

=> Lecture materials
* 🟩 4.1 - Using Functions
* 🟩 4.2 - Building Functions

=> Review: Chapter 4
* 🟩 - Chapter 4 - Quiz - Grade: --

=> Assignment: Chapter 4
* 🟩 Assignment 4.6 - Grade: --

=> Bonus: Chapter 4
* ⬜  Interview: Guido van Rossum: The Early Years of Python
* ⬜ Office Hours: Manila Philippines



------------- Day 05 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
# WEEK 1 - Daily Gists <br />

### Day 04 - Feb 05 - Sunday
#### React
* Was figuring out how to publish react website on gh-pages <br />
------------- Day 04 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
------------- Day 03 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Day 03 - Feb 04 - Saturday
#### Python 

=> Chapter Three: Conditional Code <br />

=> Lecture materials
* 🟩  Conditional Statements
* 🟩  More Conditional Statements

=> Review: Chapter 3
* 🟩  Chapter 3 - Quiz - Grade: --

=> Assignment: Chapter 3
* 🟩  Assignment 3.1 - Grade: --
* 🟩  Worked Exercise: 3.2 (video)
* 🟩  Assignment 3.3 - Grade: --

=> Bonus: Chapter 3
* ⬜ Interview: Massimo Banzi: The Arduino
* ⬜ Office Hours: Seoul Korea

------------- Day 03 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
------------- Day 02 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 


### Day 02 - Feb 03 - Friday
#### Python 
#### Programming for Everybody (Week 2)
* 🟩 Practice Peer-graded Assignment

#### Programming for Everybody (Week 3)
=> Lecture materials
* 🟩  1.4 - Writing Paragraphs of Code

Bonus: Chapter 1
* ⬜ Interview: Daphne Koller - Building Coursera
* ⬜ Face-to-Face Office Hours: Milan, Italy
#### Programming for Everybody (Week 3)

#### Programming for Everybody (Week 4)
=> Chapter Two: Variables and Expressions \

=> Lecture materials 
* 🟩  2.1 - Expressions
* 🟩  2.2 - Expressions Part 2
* 🟩  2.3 - Expressions - Part 3

=> Review: Chapter 2
* 🟩  Chapter 2 - Quiz - Grade: --

=> Assignment: Chapter 2
* 🟩  Assignment 2.2  - Grade: -- 100%
* 🟩  Where is the worked exercise for Assignment 2.2?
* 🟩  Assignment 2.3 - Grade: -- 100%
* 🟩  Worked Exercise: 2.3 - Video

=> Bonus: Chapter 2
* ⬜ Interview: Pooja Sankar - Building Piazza
* ⬜ Video•. Duration: 6 minutes6 min
* ⬜ Office Hours: Mountain View, CA
* ⬜ Video•. Duration: 52 seconds52 sec




------------- Day 02 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- <br />
------------- Day 01 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Day 01 - Feb 02 - Thursday
#### Python 
#### Programming for Everybody (Week 1)

=> Chapter One - Why we Program?
🟩 All videos completed
🟩 All readings completed
* 🟩 Welcome
* 🟩 Video: Welcome to Class - Dr. Chuck
* 🟩 Reading: Welcome to The Class
* 🟩 Video: Welcome to Python - Guido van Rossum
* 🟩 Help Us Learn More About You!
* 🟩 Course Syllabus
* 🟩 Welcome to Python 3
* 🟩 Textbook: Python for Everybody: Exploring Data in Python 3
* 🟩 Reading: Submitting Assignments

=> Lecture materials
🟩 Complete
* 🟩 1.1 - Why Program
* 🟩 1.2 - Hardware Overview
* 🟩 1.3 - Python as a Language
* 🟩 Additional Materials

=> Additional Materials
* 🟩 Audio Versions of All Lectures
* 🟩 Fun: The Textbook Authors Meet @PyCon2015
* 🟩 Face to Face Office Hours - Bengaluru, India

#### Programming for Everybody (Week 2)
=> Installing and Using Python
* 🟩 All readings completed

* 🟩 Installing Python - Overview
* 🟩  Important Reading: Using Python in this Class
* 🟩 Notes on Choice of Text Editor
* 🟩  Demonstration: Using the Python Playground
* 🟩 Notice for Auditing Learners: Assignment Submission
* 🟩 Python Code Playground
* 🟩  Recommended: Install Python 
* 🟩 Taking Screen Shots

=> Optional: Python Installation \
⬜ Optional- Installing Python Screen Shots \
✅ Practice Peer-graded Assignment

=> Bonus Materials \
⬜ Bonus: Eben Upton and the RaspBerry Pi

#### Programming for Everybody (Week 3) 
=> Chapter One: Why We Program (continued) \
🟩 All graded assignments completed \

=> Lecture materials \
1.4 - Writing Paragraphs of Code \

=> Review: Chapter 1 
* 🟩 Chapter 1 - Graded - Quiz 10 questions - Grade: 90%

=> Assignment: Chapter 1
* 🟩 Demonstration: Doing the "Hello World" Assignment
* 🟩 Assignment: Write Hello World - Graded - Grade: 100%

=> Bonus: Chapter 1 \
⬜ Interview: Daphne Koller - Building Coursera \
⬜ Face-to-Face Office Hours: Milan, Italy <br />
------------- Day 01 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
